To help us learn about computer vision techniques and applications,
we have with us an industry expert,
Tarin Ziyaee, the co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Voyage,
a self driving car company.
Hi. Thank you Suzanne.
I'm very glad to be here and thank you for having me.
Yes, computer vision is very close to our hearts here at Voyage.
It's something that's ubiquitous in the industry,
and also very important.
The obvious uses of computer vision here are for example,
the recognition of what's data traffic light is in or the detection of lanes, etc.
One cool thing about computer vision though,
is that those techniques that we will learn about
will not only be used with the camera images,
but also images created with other sensors.
In fact, as long as your data has what we call
spatial coherency you can use computer vision techniques.
And spatially coherent data can be thought of
as any data that predictably varies over space,
like sound for example.
If you hear sound from a speaker close up,
it will sound very loud.
But the farther you get away,
the softer the sound will get.
And so the volume of the sound can give you spatial information.
That's right. So addition to cameras,
self driving cars use sensors like sonar,
radar and lidar, which use sound waves and
electromagnetic waves to gather data about the car's surroundings.
Next, let's take a closer look at these sensors.